Alertmanager Distributor (#3671)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

  - `-<prefix>.s3.sse.kms-encryption-context`
* [FEATURE] Querier: Enable `@ <timestamp>` modifier in PromQL using the new `-querier.at-modifier-enabled` flag. #3744
* [FEATURE] Overrides Exporter: Add `overrides-exporter` module for exposing per-tenant resource limit overrides as metrics. It is not included in `all` target, and must be explicitly enabled. #3785
* [FEATURE] Experimental thanosconvert: introduce an experimental tool `thanosconvert` to migrate Thanos block metadata to Cortex metadata. #3770

> * [FEATURE] Alertmanager: It now shards the `/api/v1/alerts` API using the ring when sharding is enabled. #3671

Reviewer: What flags did we add to enable the sharding, I don't see those here.

Author: `[FEATURE] Alertmanager: introduced the experimental option -alertmanager.sharding-enabled to shard tenants across multiple Alertmanager instances. This feature is still under heavy development and its usage is discouraged. The following new metrics are exported by the Alertmanager: #3664 ` - in 1.7.0

>   * Added `NewMaxBytesHandler` in the utils package for limiting the size of http request body.

Reviewer 2: We should document the CHANGELOG for the final user, so:

```suggestion
  * Added `-alertmanager.max-recv-msg-size` (defaults to 16M) to limit the size of HTTP request body handled by the alertmanager.
```

>   * New flags added for communication between alertmanagers:

Reviewer: Can we move this to a new [FEATURE] if it doesn't have to do with sharding?

Author: https://github.com/cortexproject/cortex/pull/3671#discussion_r578356324
It is related to sharding and we have a flag for that
